hi I'm Austin with top 10 reviews in the
studio today we have a samsung galaxy
tab quite possibly the best
android-based tablet on the market today
the Galaxy Tabs case is made of plastic
but it doesn't really feel like it the 7
inch AMOLED screen has rich color that
really pops the touchscreen is really
snappy it's by far the best touch screen
on an Android tablet that we've had here
in the studio the Galaxy Tab runs
android 2.2 froyo which is nice we've
seen some tablets and phones come
through that run 1.6 or even lower but
that's probably because they didn't have
the right hardware to run 2.2 the galaxy
tab we have connects to the internet via
verizon's 3g network you can also get
the galaxy tab on t-mobile sprint and
AT&T there is a Wi-Fi version but it's
not on the market yet the process is run
by the galaxy tab are handled by one
gigahertz cortex a8 and 512 megabytes of
RAM and quite honestly it's really fast
Samsung did a great job at customizing
Froyo to take full advantage of all the
hardware running in the Galaxy Tabs guts
the first thing anyone around here did
when they put their hands on the Galaxy
Tab was run angry birds and they all had
the same reaction Wow Angry Birds runs
really fast on this thing that's true
you'd be hard-pressed to find any game
in the android marketplace that doesn't
run exceptionally well on the galaxy tab
the device has two cameras which is now
standard in the mobile world the
pictures are pretty good and the flash
is really really bright in fact the
first time we used it and almost blinded
one of our video editors so now the
question everybody is asking is it
better than the iPad that's a tricky
question one thing the galaxy tab has
that the ipad doesn't is an SD card slot
combine that with the cameras and the
ability to run flash and you get a
device that can do what the iPad does
and a little more but it's smaller and
more expensive MSRP on this is 800 bucks
so I think the jury is still out on that
question it's almost as much a question
of culture as technology most people
asking which is better already have
their allegiance and biases suffice it
to say we believe that the galaxy tab is
the best android tablet currently
available I'm Austin with toptenreviews
and this has been our review of the
samsung galaxy tab